hey film freaks i'm your host patrick
and today we're going to take a look at
the 2017 mystery horror movie called
cold skin it's the chilly month of
september 1914
a ship breaks its way through the ocean
flourishing with sea life a young man is
aboard a ship and looking out in the
distance
the wind is swift and it puts out the
matchstick as the guy tries to light up
a cigarette
the ship captain helps him to light up
his joint and afterwards
pulls out his telescope and squints into
the distance
he offers the young man to take a look
at this island the guy looks through the
telescope to see a silhouette of a rocky
island on the horizon
as they hit the shore it appears that
it's a cold and breezy area
the men helped take off the young man's
luggage and they all make their way
through the rocks up towards the plains
they walk up to a small wooden house the
captain goes inside and the young man
follows
he enters and finds the house in a
terrible state overturned and disrupted
furniture which hasn't been cleaned or
touched in decades
one of the helper guys drops a luggage
at the doorway and the young man assures
the captain that everything is fine
whilst taking a look around he notices
the lighthouse at the other end of the
shore
afterwards the group of them take the
path towards the lighthouse
on their way they come across a huge
rock with a miniature waterfall
the rock has the following sentence
engraved grooner owns this mountain
as they observe it captain sends his men
back to the boat
and they carry on towards the lighthouse
upon reaching it they knock on the door
but nobody opens
after several attempts the young man
manages to push it open
and both of them walk in the captain
goes upstairs and finds a man who's fast
asleep
the captain wakes him up and asks about
the former weather forecaster
the man doesn't reply as the captain
further explains that the new weather
forecaster is here to replace the old
one
grunting and complaining the sleeper
gets up and they see that he's an aged
man
with an overgrown beard and messy hair
he then tells them that the last one got
sick and died
the captain demands for his remains but
the man named grooner
says that he went somewhere while he was
sick and never came back
as they leave the island the young
weather forecaster thanks the captain
for his courtesies the captain then
offers him a revolver to keep himself
safe
he refuses to accept it and the crew
departs while he explains how he has to
spend 12 months in solitude
and study the wind and weather of the
area and report it back
that night he settles in the house and
goes down the basement
he sets up his apparatus and takes out
his tools while he's setting his books
he comes across a journal in a drawer
it's a diary of the former weather
forecaster
aldor vigland he opens it to find it
full of detailed illustrations and
depictions of the specimens present on
the island
as he flips through he sees sketches of
some weird creatures
the creatures had lizard-like slender
bodies and sharp teeth
he puts the journal aside and goes to
sleep the following morning
he gets up early and sets his apparatus
he gets a log on the wind flow
and its intensity and does all the
calculations meanwhile he looks at the
lighthouse through his binoculars and
sees grooner stark naked
stretching out on the balcony of the
lighthouse later that night
as the young man sits in his house he
hears rattling on his door
he suspects that this grooner and he
gradually approaches the door
the rattle continues and the webbed hand
slides from underneath
the guy crumples the hand with his foot
and it instantly recedes followed by an
angry snarl
in the next moment he starts hearing
weird noises and angry growls all around
he gets terrified and runs down the
basement and closes the hatch
whilst he waits and peeps through a
crack he's met with a surprise
as an eye of a creature appears suddenly
as a reflex the young man instantly
stabs the eye with a blade
and the creature screeches and
everything quiets down the next morning
the guy comes out from the basement and
sees the blood spread on the floorboards
he then goes out to see weird unhuman
footsteps in the sand
leading towards the shore for his
knowledge and safety he goes to the
lighthouse and shouts for grooner to
come out
after a while bruner appears comments
that he should have just stayed on the
boat
and goes back inside after zero
assistance from gruner the young man
decides to do something for his
protection
he grabs the wood around the cabin and
starts to build a barrier all around the
premises
he digs up the sand and places the
wooden crates to create a barricade
around the house
the night falls in and as the young man
searches in the house
he finds a rifle and plenty of bullets
for it after preparing himself he takes
rounds looking through every window
to his horror he sees dozens of
creatures coming towards his cabin
from the rocks at the shore he gets back
and loads up his rifle
just as the previous night the door
starts rattling but this time
the windows also get raided he shoots at
the windows as several hands try to
break in
he shoots them one by one again and
again due to his vigorous reaction
things settle down for a moment but the
door starts shuddering again
the creatures behind it use all their
might to bring it down
the young man uses his effort to shoot
at the monsters and as an attempt for
safety he grabs the torch from the
fireplace and lights up the whole
barricade around this cabin
on fire that scares all the creatures
away meanwhile
the fire starts to spread and is about
to engulf the house as well
the guy tries to put it out but fails to
do so so he escapes the house and spends
the rest of the night outside as the
morning sun rises he visits his cabin to
see it all blackened
after staying for a while he travels out
with his gun along his way he sees
grooner going somewhere
he hides from him at first and when he
passes he continues to space while he
arrives at the waterfalls
creature creeps up behind him and
attacks him he pushes her down and
points his rifle at her face
just as he's about to shoot gruner
arrives on the scene and targets the
young man and asks him to spare the
creature as she's harmless
in the next instance the creature gets
up and treads the grooner and sits on
his side like a pet
gruner names a young man friend friend
stares at gruner and is obedient
creature
afterwards they both start to walk along
they visit the burned house and collect
all the ammunition from that place and
gruner allows friend to stay in the
lighthouse
after a day or two friend wakes up with
a start as he sees the creature licking
his wound
in the meantime gruner comes in and asks
him if the wound has healed
it seems that her saliva has some
special healing powers gruner tells him
that she's like his pet and she can
command the other creatures
friend gets curious about the
evolutionary factors of the creature
and concludes that due to all the
factors she's neither a reptile
a mammal or an amphibian afterwards both
of them climbed to the top of the
lighthouse
friend asked rooner why he didn't leave
the place when he arrived here on the
boat
gruner simply replies that he's no
longer interested in living in the
civilized world
here he's the master of his own destiny
and can do whatever he wants friend
listens to him but puts forward his
point that he is going to signal the
very next ship that's coming
gruner scoffs and says that the only
ship which will arrive is going to be
the ship
bringing his replacement that evening
friend is settling his leftover stuff
from the bird's house when the creature
comes down the stairs
they both sit and she picks up a stick
from the stuff and starts to devour it
as friend watches her gruner looks at
both of them and orders
friend to grab his rifle and join him
upon reaching the top
bruner tells him that they have to kill
the creatures after that
he lights up a flare to grab their
attention after a while
the light falls on the rocks and friend
witnesses dozens of beasts crawling
towards them
upon their attack gruner starts shooting
at them he orders friend to use his gun
but he goes into shock
in his trauma he backs off into the
house and sits against the wall
he goes into a complete trance as he
witnesses gruner fighting them alone
friend faints away while grooner keeps
fighting throughout the night
the following morning gruner wakes him
up and gets furious at him for not
helping and assisting him last night
in his rage he orders friend to go and
fetch buckets of water upon that
friend leaves the lighthouse and goes to
fetch water from the waterfalls
when he returns he walks up the
lighthouse and catches grooner making
out with a creature
he suddenly closes the hatch and comes
down later the three of them have lunch
and they all sit in awkwardness as they
eat the creature offers friend some of
her food
but bruno reacts furiously as if he's
jealous as the knight falls in both of
them go to the top of the lighthouse
again
gruner shoots a flare and they wait for
the monsters to attack when they do
bruno retreats inside to leave friend
all by himself gruner closes the door
and locks him out
this time friend fights all night and at
dawn gruner comes out to see him sitting
with a blood-stained face
and fury radiating from his expressions
months go by as they follow the same
routine every day and night
they kill the creatures and in the
morning friend completes a task that
he's been provided
in order to keep his place at the
lighthouse one day
they sit around and have lunch during
the discussion
gruner claims that he wants to
exterminate all the creatures
later he asks friend to collect more
timber friend simply replies that they
haven't been attacked in weeks
but grooner orders him to follow his
command later that night
gruno explains that after killing dozens
of them they're trying to generate the
whole army for the next attack
the time passes on and one day friend
follows the creatures amongst the rocky
paths to a water body within the rocks
he sits at the edge and watches the
creature swim while he's at the place
friend names her anaris afterwards
they're at the lighthouse
gruner pulls out chess and they start
playing friends says that they can
capture the creature
and take it to the united states or
another country as a matter of research
and they'll get famous it's revealed
that gruner came to the island
for the same purpose years ago after
admitting it he urges friend to focus on
the game
which he does by doing checkmate on
grooner gruner loses his temper
upon the loss and suddenly pulls out his
gun and shoots a creature in the window
they suddenly remember that they forgot
to turn on the light gruner hurriedly
brings down the metal brace for the door
and both of them get prepared
the monsters arrive in packs of hundreds
snarling gnarling they climb up the
tower and rages hell upon them
grooner and friend takes them down one
by one but they run out of ammunition
and the
monsters keep on coming they recede into
the galley deck and close the door to
climb
up the top case of the tower while up
the stairs one of the creatures injures
gruner's leg
and inflicts a major wound throughout
the whole night they wait helplessly as
creatures snarl and walk around them
fortunately at the break of dawn all of
them leave
they take a sigh of relief but friend
claims that they cannot fight them for
long
as the ammunitions and their will to
fight is limited he then goes down the
basement that daenerys tends to gruner's
wound
one day as they're working outside
friend catches a glimpse of a ship in
the distance
he suddenly gets excited and runs inside
gruner also gets curious and comes to
the shore
and sees the ship in the meantime friend
returns with the flare gun
and just as he's about to shoot the
flare towards the ship crooner stops him
and pins him to the ground
suddenly anaris lunges forward and
snarls at gruner for hurting friend
in reply gruner takes out his belt to
hit her but she scurries away
friend realizes that it's gruner all the
way who's making problems and creating
enemies
while indulging himself in his pathetic
and pitiful self-isolation
as he has no strength to face anyone
months pass on again
one day friend walks to the shore and
finds daenerys cooped up at the whale
skeleton
he observes that she's been brutalized
again by grooner to console her
he diverts her attention by showing her
a carved model of a boat
as he explains anery suddenly gets
anxious and leads him to the shore
there he comes upon an upturned hidden
rowboat later
he comes back to grooner and tells him
about it gruner remarks that he already
knows about it and that it belonged to
some portuguese who were dynamite
smugglers
but he says the bombs that he found were
all waterlogged and useless
despite the lack of ammo gruner doesn't
agree when friend suggests to him
that they go to the drowned ship and
retrieve the dynamites and the plan
drops
the next day friend goes out and comes
upon daenerys taking a bath
he also goes in with her but grooner
sees them upon the sign of the two of
them together
bruner gets jealous and when friend
returns to the lighthouse gruner agrees
to go to the ship
now they move through cold waters
towards the ship as they've reached the
spot
friend narrates to him that pulling the
rope once will mean
everything is fine two means a crate is
ready and three is the sign that he
needs help
with that he dives in the water and
finds many boxes of dynamite there
he hooks them up one by one and gruner
pulls out all of them
meanwhile the creature's soft spring
starts swimming around and
friend gets scared he falls down and
tugs at the rope but gruner doesn't pull
him up
in the meantime the toad children come
near him but they bear him no harm
using his own efforts friend takes off
his suit and swims with the boat
gruner pulls him up as they roll back to
the shore back at the lighthouse
they start placing the dynamites all
around the perimeter but unfortunately
a week passes and nobody attacks
meanwhile the winter season is also at
the door
and it starts snowing on the island even
in the harsh weather
gruner is actively on duty in the
freezing weather
waiting for the creatures to come so
that he can blast them to shreds
friend comes up to see his miserable
condition and advises him to come inside
while they sit anerys comes and gruner
lashes at her by suspecting her to be a
spy
as he hits her friend stops him and
gruner tells him the plan to blast them
when they'll be lured in that night they
wait for the beast to come but no one
attacks them
gruner then brings out an heiress and
urges her to cry and wail
when she does that they start appearing
one of them attacks friend
but he saves his life and runs up to the
top deck meanwhile
hundreds of the toad species claim the
lighthouse and raid their place
in the meantime gruner manages to
detonate the whole place and all of the
creatures are blown away
the following morning friend wakes up to
find gruner and himself injured
after they manage to get up friend goes
down and observes the massacre they
inflicted
later at night gruner shares how he
found daenerys trapped in the net
and he saved her friend doesn't reply to
him as he finds himself questioned by
his own conscience
the next day he goes to the shore by the
whale skeleton
and places the carved boat in the sand
surrounded by stones
upon his return he sees grooner making
more gunpowder for any future attack
many days pass and there's no response
from anyone but one evening
friend visits the shore and observes
that his boat is not there
just as he's trying to fathom the reason
a small creature reluctantly comes out
from behind the stones
and approaches him as friend looks on
hundreds of creatures emerge from the
sea
and stand in front of him while he's
there with them in peace
a shot is fired everybody retreats and
turns around to see
grooner with his rifle he gets furious
and is about to kill them
when friend stops him and says that the
creatures are here for a truce and we
mustn't hurt them
gruner gets mad and loses his mind he
starts talking gibberish and repeatedly
saying
no one leaves gruner gruner leaves and
runs back to the lighthouse
the creatures also start to retreat but
suddenly a flare comes from the
lighthouse and it kills the child toad
the rest of them leave immediately after
his cruelty
friend decides to teach bruno a lesson
and he runs back to the lighthouse where
he finds grooner but runer gets the
upper hand
and throws him into the wall just as
grooner's about to smash his head
friend reveals that he knows his
identity he's aware that gruner is
actually the previous weather forecaster
aldor weigland upon hearing that he
loses all his strength
and drops his axe he slowly limps his
way outside into the open
where the creatures terminate him peers
pass on and one day a ship captain
arrives at the lighthouse
with a new weather forecaster he comes
to friend and wakes him up by denoting
him
as mr groener as he gets up he's in a
terrible state
with overgrown hair and beard the
captain then inquires about the
whereabouts of the previous weather
forecaster
friend doesn't reply to him and slowly
walks out to the window to witness a
fleet of mega ships in the distance
the people behind him talk about the
miserable state of friend
and how the isolation wrecked him
meanwhile he keeps on looking at the
ocean with tentative expressions
the ending scene shows us anerys running
around the island in sheer excitement
free as a skylark she waves her way
through the rocks
and dives straight in the water and
swims off into the depths of the ocean
drop a comment below letting me know how
you found the video
make sure to like subscribe and ring the
notification bell
thanks for watching guys